1. The movies recommended to me matched my interests.
2. The recommended movies were novel to me.
3. The recommended movies were diverse.
4. The information provided for the recommended movies was sufficient to judge whether I gonna like them.
5. Do you remember the following movie?
6. I found it easy to tell the system what movies I like or dislike.
7. I found it easy to tell the system whether it did a good job.
8. The description of relevance, diversity, and, novelty was clear and sufficient.
9. I understood the purpose of tweaking relevance, diversity, and novelty.
10. I believe recommender systems can be very useful to people. To answer this attention check question correctly, you must select 'Agree'
11. The initial values of sliders already provided good recommendations.
12. Being able to change relevance, diversity, and novelty ratios was useful for me.
13. Overall, the effect of tweaking relevance, diversity, and novelty fulfilled my expectations.
14. Do you remember the following movie?
15. Overall, after modifying the relevance, diversity, and novelty ratios, recommendations improved.
16. Modifying relevance, diversity, and, novelty values had a visible effect on the upcoming recommendations.
17. The mechanism (slider) provided me with sufficient control over the recommendations.
18. The mechanism (slider) was sufficient to tell the system what recommendations I want.
19. Using this recommender system was entertaining and I would recommend it to my friends. To answer this attention check question correctly, you must select 'Strongly Disagree'.
20. I was not able to describe my preferences w.r.t. relevance, diversity, and novelty.
21. The mechanism (slider) for tweaking the objectives was understandable and intuitive.
22. Do you remember the following movie?
23. Appropriate values of relevance, diversity, and novelty ratios were easy to set.
24. Overall, I am satisfied with the recommender.
25. This recommender system provided me with many tips for interesting computer games.